# Football Manager 24 Analysis 
So following the conclusion of the 2023/2024 season and Jurgen Klopp's final season at Liverpool Football Club I thought why not create a project that simulates life after Klopp and whether I would be a suitable replacement for the outgoing manager. What better way to test my managerial skills than starting a new save on the popular game Football Manager 24 (FM24).  
In this new project I will resume the duties as Liverpool FC, due to the limitations in the game I'll be starting my managerial career in the 2023/2024 season.  
Following each season I'll analyse player data collated throughout the season and analyse areas of weakness in the squad to make informed decisions on players to Sell/Release and which areas of the pitch that require strengthening.  
In the first season of this save I will not be making any transfers in or out to try and capture the realism of the 23/24 season that has already concluded. This however, will only be possible for Liverpool FC transfers as the game will simulate all the other clubs in the world and whereby they will continue to make transfers in the January transfer window of the first season. Injuries in the first season will also not be able to refleft the real life senarios that played out in real life.  
FM allows you to copy and paste squad data from the "Squad" screen where you can specify the columns to be included. The copied columns can then be pasted into either a text file, html file or printed outright. In this project we will save all the data into a .html file and utilise Pandas and bs4 to parse the .html file into a usable dataframe to perform data analysis. The data collected includes 75 different statistics metrics that can all be used to make informed decisions on which players to keep the following season. (Each of the abbreviations will be described in a seperate file soon).  
Each of the players individual attributes will also be saved into a html file to conduct analysis on judging the ability of the current squad and new players to scout and sign. 
At the start of each of the season sections below I'll briefly summarise the team performance in all competition, important results that occured within the season, what formations were used - how successful they were, as well as what formations we were weak against. (This information can be found in the data tab within the game, I will try to include snapshots of each of these.)  
## Season 23/24
